So our question repository is ready for us to use it.
And next, we need to look at the view model, but before you even do that, remember we have to go
back to our app module because this is where we register things and we create the providers we need
to provide for us.
We provided the question API, which is important.
So now the entire application has will have access to this.
There is this dependency that we can get from anywhere, really.
But we also have to provide another dependency here.
We have to provide a single sun and that provides like sites just like we did before another function.
What this function will be?
Well, it was going to provide the question.
Repository.
Like that?
So what do we need for the question repository to work?
Well, we need to pass the actual API, right?
Because if you go back to a question repository here, we have to have this question API.
We injected it.
So that needs to be passed along.
All right.
So this API question API and I'm going to just go ahead and set it to and then this will then return
a question.
Repository in pass the API as such.
So whenever this provide question repository is called, by the way, we're not going to call these
directly.
This all is going to be done in the back, ground by hilt and dagger.
That is the beauty.
All these dependency, this app module will be connected when we run this application, when we build
this application, right?
It's going to create all the classes that it needs to connect all of these pieces together.
All of that done for us.
We don't have to do too much work now that we have created this provider here.
We can now go to create the best view model is where we have the state of the application, all the
variables, all of the data that is square is converted into state so that the user interface can then
react to it.
The comparables and so forth.
All right.
So let's go ahead, create the actual view model, let's go get rid of all of these guys.
We no longer need them.
We may come back to them, of course.
So the new model is going to be I like to put the inside of our screens because this is where I add
different screens.
OK, so let's create a court ruling class questions view model.
So let us not forget in that, first of all, this ad, the hilt view model annotation.
They're OK to signal that this is a to view model, which means we can also go ahead and inject in our
constructor here.
What do we need?
Well, we're going to need the repository.
I hope you're seeing the trend here.
Someone say private val repository.
We call this question repository.
Very good.
And, you know, a body class body here, this is where we do the work.
I need access to our data, which is our data section there, which is this guy.
Well, but the difference here is that we are inside of a question view model, which means the idea
is that this view model will be used directly in our user interface, in our composable and our composable
is needed to compose themselves, which means they need.
Yes, you guessed it, they need a state.
So what that means, we have to wrap things again, which means here and we say, Val, our data now
is going to be a mutable state type.
And then I'm when to pass again.
The data or exception, just like we did before a list of long, I know very long classes here.
So, OK, question item.
And then we're going to pass a Boolean and then an exception as such, and in the beginning, this is
going to be an empty.
And then I'm going to set up to say it's going to be a mutable state.
Ha.
And then here I'm going to pass two types that is expecting.
Well, it's going to be data or exception where passing all in the beginning for the data because we
don't have anything right and no list of napping.
We just instantiating this data.
Object here and four is loading, because we know that's the bullying we're going to pass for these
there terror exception in the beginning, I'm going to say true, it's loading an exception which is
going to create an empty constructor exception here that says.
Nothing like that, close it all.
I think I'm making a few mistakes here.
I don't need to pass the angler because I'm actually passing the object, satiating the actual object
here on my bed.
OK.
I think there you go.
It's finalize.
This is not mutable.
Set has to be mutable state.
That was the problem.
OK, there we go.
All right.
There we go.
So what are we doing here again?
Just to revise?
We're creating a variable data which is going to hold a mutable state because remember, we are going
to be using here composable also possible state to state.
So we're wrapping our data exception, which whomever has a real question, boolean an exception.
We're wrapping it around.
We were wrapping it with a mutable state because we need that state right so our composable can react
to it and do what they need to do.
And of course, you just setting it to an empty object of data or exception here.
So null for the data.
The array list is going to be null and beginning and approved for loading and exceptions.
Can going to be just an empty string exception like that?
Right.
There we go.
So now we need to set up this data.
We need to actually feed it.
The information, the data.
So I'm going to create here a private function, and I'm going to say, get all questions and what this
will do.
First of all, we're going to pass a few model scope, scope like this.
It looks like we don't have a store view, model scope.
It may be because we are not there we go.
So my problem here was that I created a question of the model, but I didn't actually extend the view
model.
That's why.
So we need to extend a view model like that in the past, nothing into the constructor that is very
important.
That's what was giving out that issue because it makes sense.
We want this question to model to be of type of view model.
OK.
So now if we come here, we're going to be able to say few model scope.
And then say launch, we're launching our core team here.
So first, I'm going to go ahead and set the data that value.
So we going to go into our data loading and said that the troop is now at this point, we are loading,
right?
And then I can say data that value again and invoke the and then I can say data that value this guy
here.
Of course, we're going through this guy and going to set that to what we say, repository dot.
Get all questions.
So I'm setting up our data here to just get all the information that we may be getting from our get
all question, which knows how to go and get the information from our Jason API, right?
And then I'm going to check here if data that value and dot data.
So I'm going into my data or exception, right?
ArrayList check there if to string it to string and is not empty.
If that's true, then that means then I can say data that value that loading and set that to false because
we know that there is nothing happening because now we know that the data, which means whatever we
have inside of a direct section here, this list of question items, if it's not empty, that means
that we have something.
So we're going to set the loading to false.
So we are adding information to our metadata of our data exception object.
All right, looks like we want to make this private because it's been used inside here.
That's fine for now, at least.
So because here we know that the question view model is going to be called inside of a composable could
be an activity as well as a matter, because this is just a data section, a data layer we can pass
here.
And it blocked to say OK to initialize this question of your model.
When this first called, what is that we want to happen?
Well, I'm just going to call it get all questions.
OK, so when this happens, we're just going to go ahead and call all, get all questions and then we
should have that information, which means calls this and sets everything up as we went through.
There we go.
We have questions for you, model set up and it should be all good.
So now we have our view model set up, that means we're ready to go up again to look at the user interface.
So because we have our question view model, he knows how to get that data from our repository in our
repository knows how to get our data from our Questions API or just a Dow data access object, really?
And we're set.
So we have this hierarchy here.
That's very important.
And most importantly, we made sure to add metadata to our class, right?
So we created this data, all exception and wrap it around the array list, which is the really the
the data that we really want.
But we also understand that we want to pass something else like, is it loading?
If it's yes, then we're going to say that's true.
So that later can get this metadata to check.
OK, is it loading?
Is it true?
Dana, I'm going to show to the user that something is happening if we choose to do so make.
But at least we have that infrastructure set up.
Very well, so we're getting there.
I know it's been a lot of sitting up, but we don't see anything in the user interface, but this is
what I wanted to show you.
This is what I wanted to impart to you how to really build a clean kind of architecture style application
here.
OK, I'll see you in the next video.